
From the limited look into the cloudtrail logs provided, there are an extreme amount of high level risks. Within the report of cloudtrail_logs_2 alone there were a little over 100 cases of modifications or deletions being made regarding S3 buckets and EC2 instances, and unpermitted services being used. The main points of note found from analyisng the logs were:

        - The lack of use of Multi-Factor Authentication. It is possible for logs to include data regarding the user's sign-in session, such as the time and date they signed in and if MFA was used. MFA is required for remote access and yet regardless of the IP an employee used, there was never a single use of MFA. The practice seems to not be used at all which is a serious security concern.
        - Not a single login/sign in event was found. Employees should be regularly signing into their accounts, whether it be from a lack of activity signing a person out or from when an employee finishes their work and signs out manually. Not signing out means that anyone may easily access an employees account without the need of a password or credentials.
        - There were a concerning amount of logs made from IP addresses and locations deemed outside of where employees should be working from. Unless the employee is working from an approved, safe network, they are placing any data they work with at risk. Not working from approved addresses also makes it harder to identify unusual activity and logins.
        - The use of unapproved service requires approval from the security team, yet within the logs there are hundreds of records showing such events. There is also no field displayed within the log which may suggest that the employee may have recieved the necessary approval. 
        - Deleting or modifying production S3 buckets and EC2 instances should be properly logged and review, but within the first three reports, there are almost 50 records found to be related to these processes. Within the first report an EC2 instancce was deleted but there was was no mention of approval for this act mentioned within the log. 

There were quite a few worrying factors found within the log files, particularly regarding the lack of documentation. If the logs do not contain all the necessary information then it will be increasingly difficult to catch any malpractice. MFA should be used in all cases and access from outside the established VPNs needs to be cut out entirely. 